Old Yellow
Who is he without money to marry?
He was your father's confidante
I have been silently helping your father all these years
Your eyes are really like that.
No blood
I'm tired of it.
I dare to follow
Jiang Tianyi, make a condition
Chen Beixuan, I Baoding
If there is no Chen Zide to help you
What are you?
Do you believe it or not?
I today
Let you pay the bill with this little brat
You think I have no money and choose to place an order.
I want to avenge it with my own hands
Jiang Tianye, you betray your country for glory
It hurt my parents even more
Blood feud
Since you delivered it to your door today
Then I will take your life
I don't know how to find damage
How dare you hit the master of Inner Mongolia who is the head of God?
I think your life is coming to an end today
How dare you kill my disciple?
I want your life!
Don't tell me a few news about you.
God is killing God today
Buddha blocking and killing Buddha
Killing Buddha is a factory-managed grain.
Let me use your head today
I will report it myself